You are watching and listening to the
Electronic Intifada. I am John Elmer.
This is the resistance report for day
of Israel's genocide in Gaza.
Uh it's day 34 of the US and Israeli war
with Iran, day 31 of the IDF's attempt
to annex South Lebanon, all of which I
will be covering on this week's
resistance report. We'll cover all those
fronts uh and week five of the war.
Let's get right into it and look at the
uh Strait of Hormuz here where Trump uh
told everybody yesterday that we have
nothing to do with this. So, uh there
there doesn't appear to be an American
plan um to run a a suicide gauntlet uh
through this area. So, uh for now
anyway,
um they don't appear to be interested in
that and because of that, um
the Strait of Hormuz is now uh
essentially a toll
uh a toll booth uh
taking uh
rials, Iranian currency for their crude,
which is undermining the sanctions
regime. Um and just another element uh
of Iran turning the US strategy uh on
its head here. According to the
Israelis, they've dropped 16,000 bombs
on Iran. The US says 12,000 targets,
which means many more than 16,000 bombs.
And of course, their targets uh like all
wars, the ICRC spoke this week and said
that 295
health, medical, and emergency centers
have been targeted, 600 schools, 17 Red
Crescent medical centers, 48 civil
defense vehicles, 46 Red Crescent
ambulances have been destroyed, and
three Medevac helicopters destroyed. And
uh of course, the uh Americans are now
starting to target key infrastructure,
destroying critical bridges, um and a
vaccine
medical
science uh factory just uh before we
were coming on air. But again, this vi-
this image, this satellite image of the
topography of the strait um of the
Iranian mainland that we're looking at
in the north, high hills, much
overwatch, um very difficult for any uh
enemy warship to run that gauntlet. And
the American military appears to have
convinced Trump that that is simply not
going to happen. Let's look at the next
slide cuz we showed this last week as
well, but it's a good way to see the
size of the strait. Iran's National
Security Committee has approved a bill
that would impose fees on ships passing
through the Strait of Hormuz. The
official uh Fars News Agency reported,
citing a committee member, the bill when
it becomes law would impose a toll in
rials, which would reverse the currency
collapse that the United States imposed
upon Iran uh earlier this year in the
lead-up to the war. It would ban the
passage of US and Israeli uh vessels
through the strait and assert Iran's
sovereignty over the strategic waterway
and ban any country that imposes
unilateral sanctions against Iran. Uh
The Economist had a banger headline this
week, "How Iran is making a mint out of
Donald Trump's war." So, the premier
capitalist newspaper uh and oldest uh
"How Iran is mak- is making a mint from
Donald Trump's war." Iran is richer,
they're ex- porting more oil, they're
exporting it at a higher price, they're
trading in Iranian currency through the
uh Hormuz toll booth. All of these
things are uh positives for Iran amidst
this war and overthrowing the American
strategic objectives in
this war. Um let's take a look at the
next map because this week also uh the
Yemeni armed forces joined the war and
uh proposed the um closing of the Bab
el-Mandeb, which you can see on this map
is in the bottom left corner there. That
is the choke point uh off the Yemeni
coast running up through the Red Sea,
which would effectively cut off the Suez
Canal and force uh all traffic around
Africa, which it actually already is
because of the insurance rates from the
previous Yemeni battle in the Red Sea
with the US when the US fled uh and
didn't want any part of that. Shipping
has largely um
moved uh out and around Africa instead
of sailing through this. Although, you
can see uh the tanker. This is as of
last week, the tanker build-up uh at
Yanbu, which is um the Saudi port on the
Red Sea. Um and let's take a look at uh
Yahya Saree from the uh Yemeni armed
forces announcing this on the weekend.
He said um that the implementation of
what was stated in the previous
statement of the Yemeni armed forces
regarding the direct military
intervention in support of the Islamic
Republic of Iran and the resistance
fronts in Lebanon, Iraq, and Palestine,
and in the view of the continued
military escalation, the targeting of
infrastructure, and the commission of
crimes and massacres against our
brothers in Lebanon, Iran, Iraq, and
Palestine, the Yemeni armed forces have
carried out their first military
operation with a batch of ballistic
missiles which targeted sensitive sites
in the Israeli enemies' heartland. Um
this operation coincided with the heroic
operations carried out by the brothers,
the fighters in Iran has and in
Hezbollah in Lebanon, and the operation
successfully achieved its goals. Our
operations will continue until the
announced goals are achieved as stated
in the previous statement by the Yemeni
armed forces until the aggression on all
resistance fronts ceases. And that first
operation on the weekend was multiple
Yafa drones, long-range drones, cruise
missiles,
um and a couple of Palestine two
ballistic missiles, which are Khaibar
Shekan, um that the Iranians as well
use. Um let's take a look at some of the
assets that the US has lost. We covered
this last week with the air defenses,
but uh Reuters did a nice little
graphical picture of of what the US has
lost. The F-15 Strike Eagles, um three
of those were shot down by um Kuwaiti uh
fighter pilots, friendly fire. Um
one of them was clipped by Iranian air
defenses, the F-35A that you see there,
the Lightning II. It was clipped as
well, the first time the F-35 has been
clipped in battle. It had to do uh do an
emergency landing, and the pilot was um
wounded by shrapnel in that operation.
Um
and we have another near miss this week.
We've got audio in on this. This is an
F-18 that is strafing um the uh
eastern shoreline of Iran, and you're
going to hear the fighter jet strafe,
and then you're going to see uh uh
shoulder-fired uh Misagh uh
anti-aircraft uh
man-portable anti-aircraft system fired
at it. So, 5B here.
S- doesn't get much closer than that.
So, almost had an F/A-18
lost, and you could see that strafing
run um when he's firing when it's firing
for its cannon along the shoreline, that
becomes a predictable route. And in
guerrilla air defense, um when you're
setting up air defense ambushes, that's
the way um that you can make them
possible. When you are on a predictive
route, if you're running that low-level
strafing rate um that's happening here
along the coastline, the the jets are in
uh predictable position, and that allows
the integrated air defense systems to
set up ambushes in a particular targeted
zone rather than the umbrella defense
that um we are familiar with with the
Americans and the Israelis. So far, um
it's been pretty effective. At least
it's shown that it can be effective. I'm
not sure we're going to hear it when uh
fighter jets are are dropped from the
sky. The Americans' lying, CENTCOM's
lying in this war has been um really
remarkable even for somebody who covers
uh military lies for a living. It's been
remarkable. Um let's take a look at the
next one cuz we know that they've lost
um a number of these KC-135
Stratotankers. These are strategic
aerial refueling tankers. Um there was
seven of them uh before this week, and a
couple more were clipped on the runway
um at uh Prince Sultan airbase in Saudi
um just the other day. And we know at
the bottom there, you can see the Reaper
drones. The um the US has admitted to a
couple of dozen Reapers shot down. One
k- uh Reaper kill was on the tarmac at
Muwaffaq al-Salti airbase in Jordan. Um
I think the numbers are higher. The
Israelis admit to losing 20 drones so
far. So, we're talking several dozen at
least from the Americans. Um and from
the Iranian side, they put the number
significantly higher, up around 100. Um
so, we'll see when um the accounting all
gets made cuz we know that these numbers
are being covered up. And let's take a
look at the next video cuz you can see a
couple of those uh interceptions of MQ-9
Reapers um that look a lot like uh the
358 weapon that was being used in um
Yemen to take down two dozen of them.
There's a pair of Reapers from this week
that you see being hit uh by the
integrated air defense system. So, that
is the uh Iranian army as well as the
IRGC.
You could take a look at the next one.
You can see a
I don't know, few billion dollars in
radars that have been destroyed. Um you
can see the massive top one for um
that's part of the THAAD system and an
early warning radar in
Al Udeid Airbase in Qatar. It was a
billion dollars the bottom one
um
that you see there and the top one's a
half a million multiple they've lost
multiple of them. Some reports suggest
as many 10 as 10 of these serious
advanced warning radars have been
knocked out. That just puts holes in the
aerial defense system. It doesn't break
the system entirely. The US still tracks
with satellites a lot of the launches
but they use these
stronger radars in the early warning
stage to set up the knock-on radars the
smaller radars that have less capacity.
If these early warning radars give them
a proper location trajectory then these
weaker radars are successfully able to
intercept. If they don't get the early
warning
accurate then the smaller radars closer
to the ground they're not able to to
react in time and I think we're seeing
some of that both in the shortness of
sirens before
the missiles arrive in Israel
and just straight up the number of
missiles that are hitting. Israel talks
about 95% interception rate and it's
clearly not even close to that. Um if it
is half I think I would be surprised at
even that number based on the number of
missiles that are being launched at
Israel and the number of
that we're seeing hit. Again those
numbers are unclear. We will track those
whenever we can
to get those figures more solid
and let's take a look at number 10 cuz
this week's major hit was the
US
AWACS the the advanced early warning
airborne
and control airplanes and you can see
them there. This is from the Prince
Sultan Airbase and I told you before the
war started that the US had concentrated
their forces onto three key bases Prince
Sultan here in Saudi Arabia, Muwaffaq
al-Salti in Jordan and also in Ben
Gurion and presumably in on airbases in
Israel as well. If you look at the front
if you follow from the top left follow
the runway down to the bottom right.
The last ones you see there are the E-3
Sentries and these are the airborne
early warning systems and command. These
are very important aircrafts for
monitoring the entire battlefield. The
US only has 16 of these in total but
they only have eight that are working at
any given moment and you can see on the
runway there in one airbase they have
six of them.
Well this week let's take a look at one
in in flight and this is actually
literally
this is it on the on the on the airbase
at Muwaffaq al-Salti. You can see the
massive radar system there and here it
is flying in this is actually footage of
the plane that was hit. This is done by
airplane spotters in the US
that tracked this was landing at Tinker
Airbase
I think it's in Arizona.
Um and so they they tracked this
airplane and if we look at the next
slide this is the same airplane.
Um
This is the launch by the IRGC of the
drones targeting
Prince Sultan Airbase. I got ahead of
myself there a little bit but you can
see here the multi launch
of the Shahed drones very accurate very
difficult to shoot down launched here in
a clear swarm we're seeing
rail launchers
looks like six or eight deep here
launching a massive barrage targeting
Prince Sultan Airbase. They said this is
part of the 84th wave
and they said they destroyed
anti-missile systems and the penetration
of solid and liquid fuel missiles into
the
they'll call it Al Kharj base the Prince
Sultan Airbase
the location of fuel and supply fleet
and aerial support targeted with a
barrage of missiles and drones. So those
are the drones. Now let's take a look at
the next slide and you can see how that
plane that you just saw flying into its
airbase at home
not in very good shape and you can see
directly hit on the radar
of the of the plane. CENTCOM said that
planes were quote unquote damaged. They
were damaged on the runway and we know
the last time they said that Trump went
on and said they they're they're a
backup in the air. So this is damaged.
This is significantly more than damaged
and it's also a direct hit on the radar
which is just shows that they know and
you can see here from a different angle
basically cutting the plane in half.
These are really old
these are really old planes they use old
engines
they are more than 50 years old and they
do not have a deep stock of these. Like
I said they have 18 total that they
cannibalize for parts for the other
eight to nine that are operational and
this attack that's believed that a
second one was hit as well along with
several KC-135
Stratotankers.
Is this 15? [clears throat]
Are we on 15? Yeah.
Um
So very valuable asset multi-billion
dollar assets difficult to put a price
on the AWACS because they are have been
maintained
to stay in the air for so long. Um 50
years so it's long past their price
point but it's more than a billion
dollars to replace
for sure.
Um and so again taking a significant
toll on US military assets in a way that
we have not seen
in a war since
I mean presumably since the Second World
War. I don't know where you can take out
these multi-billion dollar assets in
in previous wars even Vietnam or maybe
Korea. Um but we're talking going back
multiple generations before we can find
losses like this and as Trump likes to
say um
no one's ever seen it before. Okay let's
take a look at the map and targets again
same map as always again we're looking
key targets Bahrain fifth fleet the
naval command for CENTCOM that you can
see there right across the shore from
Iran. The UAE is taking the most
attacks UAE number one ally with Israel.
Um Qatar's Al Udeid Airbase that is the
CENTCOM's key Airbase Muwaffaq al-Salti
in Jordan that you can see that's the
one dead center in the middle of Jordan
on the map there in the upper left
corner. We're looking at a map of the
region for people listening.
Um
And of course Prince Sultan Airbase you
can see it there just outside of Riyadh
in Saudi Arabia. Kuwait is being
hammered so much that all of the red
circles can't fit in Kuwait. There's a
number of US bases that were used as
hubs during the global war on terror and
the war on Iraq that started in the
1990s. Um those bases have been hammered
and are largely not functioning. Of
course we know that the soldiers have
been hid in um
hid in hotels and the New York Times had
a banger headline the other day that
said placing US troops in Middle Eastern
hotels may violate laws of war. So they
think that that might be a violation to
put to use human shields intentionally
to hide your soldiers who are supposed
to be on military bases but instead are
in five-star hotels in the Gulf. Um so
all that has been consistent and on our
next slide we're going to show you I did
a mix for you of all of the launches
daytime launches by the IRGC in week
five. Uh in this past week since you
last saw me. So let's go to that 17.
So a pair of Sejjils there there's a
Fattah you see going off. Um that's a
Ghader with a multiple submunition
warhead. Um
And there's some more Fattahs being
launched.
Khaibar Shekan
Um and again the IRGC talked this week
multiple times about the Lebanese
Hezbollah resistance in the Islamic
resistance in Iraq and Yemen carried out
more than 120 successful and effective
operations in recent hours against the
northern and southern regions of the
occupied Palestinian territories and
deployed and the deployment and hideout
headquarters of American commanders in
central and northern Iraq dealing
attrition inducing blows to the
exhausted body of the aggressor armies.
And you can see in these launches
that
that Iran puts out all the time they
don't see every single launch. Um but it
gives you a sense of
of what it looks like about all of the
puts lie to everything basically Trump
said in his speech and the Israelis they
say that they've knocked out 95% of
these but every day
we see them launched from various
locations. We see the fighters there
there's a good shot of an Emad with a
maneuverable re-entry vehicle on those.
There's another Fattah.
That could be a Kheibar Shekan, solid
fuel, either way they're both solid
fuel.
Um
and there's another Ghader and they have
uh the multiple warheads. So, they're
using and they're using these missiles.
These would be considered old stock
missiles. We're still not seeing the Haj
Qassem. We're not seeing very much of
the Sejjil
um and the Iranians have admitted this
that they have not opened all of their
stores. Here we see multiple missiles
being launched uh at the same time.
Um
which also complicates uh interception.
Um the IRGC said that the targets for
this week were mainly Israel's
industrial military base, but also
airbases in Ramat Gan, Holon, and
Palmachim, which is near Tel Aviv, a
major uh
airbase and air defense base uh outside
of Tel Aviv. And here we see is
interesting shot of Israeli photographer
um Yonatan Sindel caught this. This is a
Kheibar Shekan warhead uh
reentering the atmosphere in terminal
flight over Israel. The maneuverable
reentry vehicle uses an electrical um
electrical magnetic fins that grab the
dense air at hypersonic speeds during
this terminal phase and this intense
friction creates a plasma sheath um
which is a natural byproduct of the
hypersonic flight and that plasma sheath
significantly impacts radar detection by
altering the radar cross-section. And
again, when you have these radars being
knocked out and you don't have the
high-quality uh radars, then these
missile these warheads, the reentry
vehicles um
effectively become stealth because of
the plasma sheath that absorbs radar and
gives it a stealth capability. So, this
is an interesting was the first time we
have seen uh airborne like this and you
can see the streaks uh coming off of it.
Um that is the plasma sheath that is
being created by the intense
uh speed at which it goes and the fins
then try to slow it down, grab the air
um and they make it difficult to uh
intercept. So, this is a Kheibar Shekan
um also that was uh going to hit the
ground. Um too late for interception if
you're photographing it. Um
And let's take a look at more incoming
missiles. We've got one more here with
the audio in in central Israel, number
19.
Again, so
you could see the uh clear miss by the
interceptor that went up there to
attempt to intercept them. I think
Israel would call this um
uh
they they call that intercepted um and
that in particle debris from the
interception. That's how they like to
frame it just to tell their people uh
how it's going. Let's take a look at the
next one cuz the IRGC Navy was told that
it was erased this week. There's Sinwar,
uh Ali Larijani, and Nasrallah being put
onto the uh Hadid 110s
um and this is a one-way attack drone
that was a tar- targeting the Fifth
Fleet in Bahrain
um and early warning radars in Saudi
Arabia. The Hadid 110 is a jet-powered
suicide drone that is a sent that is
essentially a stealth drone. Um it's
it's delta wing design is uh good for
radar evasion. Its maximum speed reaches
500 km an hour um which is the fastest
uh of the drone category. It almost
effectively operates
um like a cruise missile, weighs 30 kilo
warhead um and have been doing extensive
damage throughout the Gulf. They're also
very accurate. They're controlled um
with a man in the loop um to get those
on target. And again, we've seen this
from the IRGC throughout the battle
uh honoring their leaders, honoring uh
what came before them, honoring even the
strikes from the day that they launched
these missiles. We also see them poking
uh Americans. Uh they they put out one
uh
uh barrage that was um dedicated to the
American citizens that were murdered on
the streets by ISIS agents. So, just
they have a much more aware uh
politically aware of the United States
clearly than the United States is of
them. If the United States had that
awareness, I don't think they would have
started this war in this way that is not
going to end up um the way that they
intended to. Um number 21, these are
Arash drones. These are drones launched
um by the uh Iranian army. These are
Arash 2 drones and again, these are kind
of uh split between a cruise missile and
a drone. Um they said that we targeted
The army said we targeted the deployment
uh These are long-range strike drones.
These were designed to target Israel.
Um so, they said that um
we targeted the deployment locations of
the AWACS aircraft, refueling tankers,
and US bases in the region. We have
since this morning targeted the
deployment location of US AWACS
um and refueling aircraft stationed at
Ben Gurion Airport, the radar site for
detecting the intercepted missiles and
combat drones, and the electronic
warfare sites countering
uh and combating drones in the UAE was
hit. Um these uh Arash 2 drones have
2,000 km range and were built
specifically for enemy air defenses when
they were launched. Uh Brigadier General
Heidari, the commander of the Iranian
army ground forces, described the Arash
2 as a specialized weapon designed to
perform precision strikes and suppress
enemy air defenses. So, these are for
long-range strikes to target Israel. And
the Iranian army is taking part in this
operation. They want everyone to know
that. They're firing these operations
off every day. They're also calling them
waves. So, the army has waves, the IRGC
has waves um and also the street has
waves. Last night was the 33rd night in
a row of people out in the streets in um
all over Iran in different cities uh
protesting, showing solidarity, even
though Trump said that it's too
dangerous to go outside to take back
your country. When he said that they
could take back their country, which
clearly um uh they're they're they're in
the street for the opposite reason um
and they're marking each of those
nightly demonstrations. You've probably
seen footage from them. Um there's a lot
of interviews of uh uh you know, vox pop
people on the street interviews from
those uh demonstrations that show a wide
cross-section of Iranian society, not
simply regime supporters, but all across
the society and that's one thing that
this war has done as any war does. It
unifies the country that is being
targeted. Um let's take a look at the
other fronts. Iraq here, this is a
little stitch of a few um Iraqi
operations. The Iraqi resistance, we're
looking at fighters here in a tunnel
uh in their desert camo using a
tunnel-born um base for their operations
carrying out the parts of the drones
that are being fired targeting largely
US bases in Iraq
um but also in Jordan. We've seen them
target uh US base in Saudi, um in Syria
as well. Um Jordan and Kuwait. So,
they're also targeting all of these.
Uh That was the day of the operation and
then you can see here um
the These are Shahed 101 drones that are
being launched
in barrages and again, I could show you
um
they put out three of these a day. So, I
could show you 21 of these every week.
They look pretty similar. I choose the
ones that uh that um
that are the most clear. There's a lot
of nighttime launches um but you can see
them operating them. See them there.
They have a Hadid 110 as well that they
just launched there.
Um so, the uh resistance axis is also
sharing weaponry across the fronts,
which we've known uh as well. We see
that with Hezbollah, who I will be
covering in a moment here. Um but again,
these operations have basically emptied
the bases uh of US troops in Kuwait, in
Iraqi Kurdistan, in
um Saudi Arabia. The attacks on Jordan,
um that airbase is still um
fully functioning from all that we know
um but the attacks on Kuwait are
certainly um taking a toll on Kuwait.
There's no question about that. So, the
um
total number of operations the Iraqi
resistance has executed, 870 since this
war started. Um so, a remarkable level
uh tempo of operations, multiple dozens
of these operations, individual
operations. So, you might They might
launch 10 drones. That counts as one
operation of the 870.
Um but we've had them on the show every
week because they're a critical pillar
of this war as well.
Now, let's move on to Hezbollah in South
Lebanon.
Um I think I want to start with a map
here because we talked about the
topography a few times on this program.
Um this map from Reuters shows it pretty
well. You can see the Litani River
running there. Um and that is the area
that Israel is attempting to ethnically
cleanse and destroy. They're calling it
the Beit Hanoun model. Um but you can
see the way that each of the ridges in
that uh in that map on the bottom left,
those lines are where the Israelis are
pushing forward from. Um they're going
along the coast, they're going up in the
center around Bint Jbeil, and then up
along the Galilee panhandle into the
Marjayoun, and to the east of that is
Khiam, um where they're attempting to
take the high ground, and you can see
that high ground clearly on the map, and
this has always been Lebanon's
um advantage. You know, Sun Tzu said,
"Don't fight uphill." Um and so this was
always Israel's problem. Their attempt
This isn't a Zionist dream that goes
back to the founding of their um of
their project in the Middle East. They
wanted the Litani River as the natural
border um of their northern border,
which would give them overwatch uh over
Lebanon and allow and sort of curtail
some of that advantage that um that the
landscape holds for Lebanon, and
Hezbollah has been repelling that.
They've carried out um more than 1,300
operations in defense of this invasion.
And if we look at the next slide, you
can see what it actually looks like.
Here's a fighter uh up in the Marjayoun
uh area, and he's holding his fist out
that says, "They depart, we remain, the
land will remain ours." But if you look,
he's holding a Hezbollah flag marking a
position. This is from the 25th of
March. Um but if you look over the
landscape, um we're showing you a
photograph that looks over the
mountainous landscape um um of South
Lebanon, which makes that and that
defines the fight in South Lebanon. It's
an entirely different battle space than
in Gaza,
um where it's urban warfare, um and so
we're going to see that while we break
down these operations this week from
Hezbollah, that um the distance and the
topography plays a critical role in the
battle uh in South Lebanon. So, let's
take a look at number 24. These are the
points of advance for the Israelis.
Those five We're looking at a map from
the Litani River down. This is about 10%
of um Lebanon, but it's about 600,000
people who are uh slated for ethnic
cleansing and destruction um according
to the Israeli plan.
And you can see these are the five
positions that Israel kept after the
ceasefire or during the ceasefire. They
um took these positions inside Lebanon.
They're on high ground um over to the
western coast. You see one there.
They're advancing up uh that coast to
Naqoura. Um and then in the middle
areas, you can see they're pushing into
the center, which will meet up at the
battle around Bint Jbeil that you see.
That's the third one. And then there's
two more bases along the spine of the
Galilee panhandle. That takes you up uh
into Marjayoun, and those are the main
axes uh axes of this battle. The
Israelis are pushing to the Litani
River, and the easiest way to get to the
Litani River is from the tip of the
Galilee panhandle, which is the furthest
most north area of Israel, and you can
see that on the right side of the map um
how much uh Israel's border comes up in
that area. And they're using that to say
that they have reached the Litani River,
right? This is classic Israel battle uh
psyops. They They go the shortest
distance to the area to touch the Litani
River, and then they say, "We have
control to Litani River." But look at
that map, uh the entire south is still
uh in a battle, and in actuality, the
Israelis are only at the third ridge.
The second ri- The first ridge was the
ceasefire ridge. They could move forward
to the second ridge right away without
any um
really without any resistance, because
these are positions that they have held
now for almost a year. Um and then
they're going up to the next ridge,
which would be the third ridge line, and
that's the type of battle that you're
seeing. We have five right now five
Israeli military divisions that are
fighting um spread out across um South
Lebanon, and that would be 100,000
troops. But uh they're not saying how
full complement each division is, and we
know from the fighting in Gaza that
their reserves um the reservists are not
showing back up for battle, for their
recalls at anything like the number um
at the beginning of the Gaza war. Um so
I'm going to suggest to you that those
are not full divisions. We will see as
the battle unfolds, um but Israel wants
that psyop to believe that there's
100,000 troops coming. Um
But at the same time, you also have the
uh chief of staff of the Israeli
military saying that we're about to
collapse. Um we don't have enough
troops. He's been saying that for a long
time. Um so it seems to be a bit of a
race here in Lebanon um before the end
of the uh Iran war um that Israel can
get as much um
to steal as much land as they can, and
in a world without international law, um
they believe they can hold it. Hezbollah
believed this is an existential battle,
um and they're fighting it in that way.
If we look at 25, you can see um
This is the battle map according to
Hezbollah, and you can see they're They
match pretty much uh
match up with the previous map of what I
described. They're coming The Israelis
are coming up the coast. Um They're on
the western coast. Um They're They're
coming up through the Bint Jbeil axis.
Um Then you can see them up in the top
there in Marjayoun at the top of the
Galilee panhandle. All of those places
are being hit, and then you can see the
drone operations are indicated here
because the battle, the rockets, the
drones, the artillery, half of it is
inside Lebanon, half of it is inside
Northern Israel. They're attacking
Israeli military positions that are on
the border preparing to invade Lebanon.
Um and so that's how those numbers split
up. This is yesterday's battle breakdown
when there was um
60-some operations. We've seen multiple
We saw back-to-back days of almost 100
operations each of the days. Um so we're
seeing a significant military tempo that
we have never seen from Hezbollah
before. So, they are truly fighting in
an existential war as they said. And as
I said earlier, 600,000 people live in
these uh villages that Israel's
promising to do to them what they did to
Beit Hanoun. And we know from the
previous war with Hezbollah that they've
already started. A lot of these border
villages have already been completely
destroyed, and they were destroyed um
during the ceasefire. Actively, Israel
was doing the same thing in Gaza as they
were doing in Lebanon, destroying a um
on the other side of the ceasefire line.
Um so it's significant battle that we
have uh in store in Lebanon ahead. If we
look at the next map, you can see this
is the Beit Hanoun The Beit Hanoun
doctrine. Um these are all This is from
Reuters. This is just a a serious
undercount, but this is what we have uh
confirmed as of last week of the number
of power stations, hospitals, uh water
infrastructure all being targeted.
Critical hospitals in in Tyre and Tyre,
which is the major city in the south,
knocking out that hospital. Um Half a
dozen other hospitals too in Bint Jbeil
uh as well have been targeted. So, this
is the Israeli way of war. You destroy
the hospitals, you destroy the schools
because you can't defeat the fighters.
Um
But like I said before, uh chief of
staff in mil uh in Eyal Zamir said that
the IDF is going to collapse inward.
"I'm raising 10 flags," he said during a
meeting with the uh
the Israeli Security Council. He said
the reserves will not hold up for a long
battle. So, he is uh raising what he
said was 10 red flags about how the
Israeli military at the moment is unable
to fight this battle that we haven't
thought that they have been able to
fight for more than a generation in
Lebanon. Um let's take a look at 27,
because all of these operations are
underpinned by artillery, drone, um and
rocket fire. So, here you see um
fighters launching uh Iranian uh Grad
rockets, Iranian-made Grad rockets, um
from these launchers, and we can see
these launchers deeply buried in the
same mountains that I showed you, taking
advantage of the same uh topography to
fire these to fire them from deeper
inside Lebanon, which makes it safer for
the fighters who are launching. Um
[snorts] and Israel uh commented this
week the IDF commented this week that
many of the rockets were being fired um
and strategic missiles that they have as
well were being fired from north of the
Litani, um meaning that Israel's not
going to be able to get at them even in
their um dream scenario in South
Lebanon. Um and that's true of
Hezbollah's capacity all along. There's
a lot of talk about the south um and
that Hezbollah is in the south. Um
Hezbollah is all through Lebanon. They
have um
divisions that are beyond the Litani
River. They have multiple divisions
below the Litani River, but they have
multiple above it as well. They have
long-distance capabilities that
continued continued to strike. Here
we're seeing uh extended-range Chinese
um
uh heavy artillery, 122-mm
heavy artillery, and you can see the
bottom fins there. That's extended
range. Um it's a rocket-assisted um
artillery rounds that can cat- that can
go a longer distance than standard
artillery, and you can use the
topography that we're seeing here both
to hide the fighters,
um but also to have the advantage of the
trajectory of the launch of the
artillery. So, we're seeing something
like 40 artillery rocket and drone
operations, separate operations. Again,
this is a single operation where you're
going to watch eight to 12
rockets launch. These are counted as a
single operation in in these terms and
on
two days ago's
Hezbollah had 36 rocket operations.
They fired more than 4,000 rockets
already, which is more than the June
2006 war.
It's more than Qassam fired on the first
day of um
the Battle of Al-Aqsa Flood. So,
significant developments from the rocket
units of Hezbollah, which the Israelis
said they knocked out last war, but now
we're seeing them in the thousands and
you know, quickly approaching 10,000
deployed. So, they clearly were not
destroyed and their stocks are
significantly higher than that. Going
into the war, they were understood to be
well over 100,000.
So, there's still a lot a lot of war
material left with Hezbollah and that
was always the case. Hezbollah was not
defeated.
The ceasefire came at a time when
Hezbollah repelled the invasion of South
Lebanon.
Let's take a look at number 28 cuz you
can see the drone swarms here. Again,
these are Hezbollah built. They're
targeting an airbase air defense base
here in Haifa. They show us the map
conveniently. These are Hezbollah built
Sayyad 107
drones.
And these are the drones that are they
fly
they have an electrical engine and lower
radar cross-section, no heat.
They don't generate the same heat as the
piston engines
and they are they make it through
Israeli air defenses. This is the weapon
that was used to target the Golani base
during the last war. When more than what
that left something like 70 casualties
including almost 10 killed
when these drones were landed on the
Golani base just north of Tel Aviv.
People may recall we broke that down on
this program quite some time ago.
The
the missile expert at the International
Institute for Strategic Studies
notes that this this electrically
powered variant, this is the result of a
system with a very low signature and
should be harder to detect than the
Shahed 101 or 136.
The trade-off is limited range, but as
we watch from here, limited range isn't
an issue when you're up on a mountain
top,
you have a huge asset
in your favor here and there you see
it's rocket assisted
and then it takes off
with an electrical engine rather than
the
lawnmower engine that people are
familiar with for the the Shahed drones.
And again, a single we're seeing a team
here launching these, but a single
a single launcher a single rail can
launch all of these separate drones that
we're seeing. So, they don't require
significant manpower. It's dangerous to
launch them, but they're so covered in
the bush
that they've been able to carry these
operations out consistently. Let's take
a look at 29 because
we have here
a fatal anti-tank operation. A Cornet
you can see there. The Cornet up on the
hill firing down on Merkava tank of the
IDF. It is going to clip it here. You
see it. Direct hit.
Interestingly, the Israelis believe they
intercepted this.
And that they were fired on twice, but
we can clearly see by watching the
video, which they obviously didn't
watch,
that they were hit by a single shot. You
can see the tank limping away there in
the smoke. And as it turns to go down
the hill, you'll see the flames out the
back because it was targeted in the rear
cabin and also the two
storage containers that come out
by the back door are ammo storage. So,
that's ammo storage that goes up in
flames.
One of the tank crew was killed, four
were seriously wounded on this
including two officers in this operation
and that happened in just south of Bint
Jbeil. Of course, Bint Jbeil's famous
for its battle in the 2006 war. Let's
take a look at number 30.
Another anti-tank guided missile strike
here
that we're seeing.
This is a multi-hour battle that we're
looking at. It was a several hours
battle on Saturday with the 146th
division. There we're seeing the burning
tank that was hit by
anti-tank fire and you're going to see
how close the fighters are in this
particular
battle space because you're going to see
Israeli soldiers here
and we have seen in the reports a number
of face-to-face battles, close quarters
battles
where in these villages the battles have
happened at close quarters.
And this is the one we're seeing here
that lasted for many hours. You're going
to see coming up here group of Israeli
soldiers. There you see them there.
Within camera shot of
the Hezbollah fighters.
And seemingly separated from their
armored vehicle. There's another one
that you see up top there.
There has been a number of soldiers
killed in these face-to-face battles.
One word solid from the IDF the other
day said that four soldiers were killed
and two others were wounded in a clash
with Hezbollah in Southern Lebanon
yesterday. The military announces all
served in the Nahal Brigade's
reconnaissance unit. In addition,
another soldier was seriously wounded
and a reservist was moderately hurt in
the incident. The soldiers exchanged
fire with Hezbollah operatives from
close range hitting several of them. The
military finds while evacuating wounded
soldiers from the gun battle, Hezbollah
operatives fired anti-tank missiles at
the troops, which did not cause any
further injuries. So, it sounds like the
soldiers sounds like the Hezbollah
fighters killed those soldiers at
point-blank range and the Israeli
military is trying to say,
yeah, they killed them all and they
killed them all at point-blank range,
but it sounds like they got their the
Israelis fired off at least a couple of
rounds before they died,
which is just
surprising
military propaganda to to throw that in
there when your unit gets wiped out and
you say that you were able to fire back.
Maybe they weren't even conclusive about
it. Let's take a look at this next one.
This is an Almas
top attack anti-tank guided missile
strike. You're familiar with this. We
ride on the missile
for these ones.
You can see it locked in on a tank
there.
This is again in the Bint Jbeil area.
They're south of Bint Jbeil. They're not
in Bint Jbeil. They're south of it.
They'll expect a major battle in Bint
Jbeil. Again, aiming here. Looks like
they're aiming at the cannon.
May make sense. They are also maybe
trying to stick it in the turret gap
under the cannon, but the cannon is a
reasonable place to
to target from that angle.
And the top the top attack here, you can
clearly see it's not intercepted by the
Israelis.
In large measure because of the angle
that it comes down on.
And an IDF soldier was killed and four
were wounded in their tank by an
anti-tank missile strike this week.
Another one, a separate one
where they suffered serious burns.
The Israeli military said yesterday that
10 soldiers have been killed
and 309 have been wounded
including 25 seriously wounded.
And we know what seriously wounded means
for the Israelis. very, very wounded.
Usually means um
usually means no arms, no legs from what
we've seen
in the Gaza front.
So, they're taking a toll on
Israeli fighters here in the south.
Number 32, we see
the birth of this tactic. We we saw this
in the previous round. We didn't see
them use it against tanks. We saw them
use it against um
bulldozers, lesser armored vehicles, but
this is an FPV first-person view.
It's driven from a video screen
and you're seeing them here hone in on
a troop carrier here that they're going
to come in and come down on
with the missile with a I believe what
they're using is they're using a Yasin
105 warhead. They're using the tandem
charged
PG-7VR.
And it's on
the actual drone. Although with Qassam,
we have seen them use that same style,
but they had a drop system that dropped
it. With these FPV drones, we seem to be
seeing them
using speed
as their as their asset, which is
necessary because of
the counter fire on it, but
that's how these drones are being used.
So, they're essentially the drone is
carrying the RPG round that you saw
fired in Gaza at tanks.
And this is the first time we have seen
that from
from Hezbollah. Look at number 33. We
can see it again here. And this one
seems to have a fiber optic
connection because you can see it go
down below um the ground. So, what it's
doing here, it's identifying new
positions. So, it's actually doing
reconnaissance here and it's pointing
out newly established Israeli military
positions here. So, it's it's doing a
reconnaissance function for them,
gaining information about where the
newly set up positions are
um to take back to the artillery teams.
Um and now you can see when it's done
that recon. See, it's below the ground
level, which must indicate um that it's
an FPV link to still be um getting this
clear uh footage. But, they're showing
it here. After his recon mission, he's
going to go and hit a tank here and aim
right at the back door at the at the uh
He maybe is a bit higher there, so he
goes and hits in the turret ring um
there. I think we haven't seen
Hezbollah's targeting um schemes. We saw
Qassam released to all their fighters
where to they're trying to hit on um
armored vehicles. Um and the back door
is one of the places that they're trying
to hit, the cabin door um also beside
the um
ammo storage. So, um let's take a look
at 34 cuz we have a couple more of these
to show.
Um
Uh again, you can sort of see the
difference between the no uh
um fiber optic or not. Um this is going
to come in on a Namer. This is in the
Marjayoun front. There you can see the
troop carriers all piled up uh side by
side. And a direct hit uh in on that
one. That was one of 95 operations on
that day. That was from Wednesday.
Um
So, significant. 35 is another one. Um
this one heading towards the coast. You
can see the Israelis have established um
Again, using human shields, parking in
uh parking their tanks in civilian
neighborhoods here, using houses as
cover. But, these FPV drones, when
you're driving with a video screen, um
you can navigate your way through uh the
civilian areas. And there's another
Namer troop carrier that's going to be
hit from the 143rd division, which is
fighting on the western coast, Naqoura
uh area. Again, that's a direct hit. We
could take a look at the next one, 36.
Uh this is a cross-section of all these
operations. So, this is a troop position
uh also south of Bint Jbeil. Um and you
can see the houses being used as an
Israeli military position.
Um
And Hezbollah has fired anti-tank
missiles at these positions a number of
times um earlier this month in the town
of Mays al-Jabal. Um Hezbollah fighters
fired more than 10 anti-tank guided
missile strikes um at a single uh IDF
position. I showed you that in the first
week of the war.
On one of their uh high grounds, um they
were hit. Multiple soldiers were killed
and um more than a dozen others were
injured in these type of attacks.
This next one is going to take a little
bit of explanation because it is a night
operation, number 37.
Um and you can see the yellows or the
sorry, the red circles here that we're
looking at. We're looking at night with
thermal imaging. And the red dots there
are showing where Israeli tanks are
moving in a column uh into Qantara
uh in the Marjayoun area. Now we're
seeing um rocket fire. So, they see that
the the convoy of tanks. Now they're
firing in front of the convoy of tanks
to slow its progress to make um their
targets stop. And you can see here we're
watching um the village. Again, you can
see the tiers of the mountains that
they're fighting in.
Um you can see the benefit that the high
ground has here. So, in all around the
convoy of tanks is now being hit here
with rocket salvos. And then you're
going to see um this one be hit with an
anti-tank guided missile strike. There
you see it be hit there.
Um the fire breaks out on that
particular vehicle. There were eight
Merkava tanks that were hit as part of
this operation um that we're watching
one of the ones that was hit. Now
there you're seeing another one up on
the hilltop there.
The fire breaks out on the vehicles. You
can see them burning with the thermal
imaging. Um there you see a close-up of
it burning behind a house. Again, we're
looking at night. Um this is a night an
overnight operation um a multi-hour
operation. And now that there's chaos
and confusion, now that there's tank
crewmen getting out of their burning
tanks, now they're hit with another
salvo of rockets and artillery uh into
the spot, creating chaos for the
fighters for the soldiers that are
outside of their vehicles or trying to
decide which direction to go in their
vehicles. In other words, you're
watching a perfectly uh executed ambush,
tank ambush uh in this village uh
overnight. And the distance makes it so
that you have to uh watch this battle
from afar, but most of the viewers of
this program watched uh the resistance
report covering the Gaza war, and we
know what close-up anti-tank operations
look like. And um so, you know that
these from this distance, if you can see
them,
uh you know they're significant
operations. This is the Israelis putting
um
uh lights uh
put uh
um
illuminating uh flares up um here. There
you can see another rocket strike um on
another vehicle of the support. This is
the reinforcements that have now come
in. Um and they're being targeted.
That's an Israeli light trying to find
out where the source uh of the fire is
coming from. You can see it. Um and here
uh the again, the rescue forces being
targeted, something we did not see in
Gaza, but we do see here in Lebanon, and
we did see it before um causing
significant uh issues for the Israelis
when you fire on their um their uh
attempts to There's a helicopter coming
in, and they're going to fire on the
helicopter, too. An air defense missile
is fired at that incoming helicopter. Um
again, something we didn't see in Gaza,
but that Hezbollah in this existential
battle is clearly doing. And this is a
few hours later in the morning where the
Israelis are covering the entire area
with smoke to withdraw their destroyed
tanks um from the battle. Uh another
reason why we don't see uh the destroyed
tanks, although I do have one for you um
that the Israelis released, but you can
see the smoke there. A really complex
and well-executed ambush um and to see
it on film is the only difference um for
this because these types of ambushes are
what are going on every night. And when
you read Hezbollah's um field reports
from the day, you'll see the number of
tanks that they target um
And all of the tanks that are targeted
are not destroyed. We know some have AP
um uh active protection systems that
protect them. We know sometimes the
round hits a heavy part of the tank and
doesn't destroy it. Um but and we know
many of them burn, and we know from the
soldiers inside that the burning
um of the tanks is their biggest fear,
and it's um it's a fear that is not
imaginary. It's because they have
experienced it over the past 2 and 1/2
um coming up on 3 years of war.
Um let's take a look at number 38. Um
another anti-tank guided missile strike
um on uh another Israeli command and
control position here that we're seeing
in the Bint Jbeil area, just west of uh
southwest of Bint Jbeil.
And again, using these houses, this is
something that the Israelis do in the
West Bank. They did it in Gaza. They
take over a civilian home
um [snorts] and they use that as a base
with the supposition that the resistance
doesn't know which homes they're in.
Clearly a mistake in this one cuz
they're going to be fired on uh pretty
significantly by Hezbollah anti-tank
missiles here. You can see a direct
strike on the house. And one more,
number 39. We're going to see three
Cornet strikes here intercept another
tank convoy. So, here there we're seeing
again thermal imaging. Um you can see
the one tank there moving. You're going
to see them all clump up into three um
and they're going to be um targeted by
anti-tank guided missile strikes.
Um we're trying to see it from There you
see [clears throat] the the night vi-
the thermal of the uh Cornet being fired
there and following its tr- its uh
trajectory right directly into the tank
that we're watching
um that's circled in red. Clearly hits
the tank. Um
And we're going to see another one. This
is the first of three that were uh hit
in this particular operation.
Um So, these the tempo of these
operations by Hezbollah are just really
remarkable. 1,350 plus operations
already, 24 days uh into this battle.
There you see two more tanks um along
the same road. Um they're going to
target the tank at the back
and then the tank at the front. This is
how the um
the the tank massacre in the Hula Valley
happened in the 2006 war. Targeted the
front of the convoy, targeted the back
of the convoy, got everybody stuck in
the middle, and then just fired on all
the tanks in the middle. Um that's
considered the graveyard of the Merkava
that happened in uh not too far from uh
from this area that you're seeing here.
Uh just a bit further up north.
Um more towards Marjayoun battle space
that we were seeing. So, there again,
and there's the third one being hit. And
if we watch here, we're going to see a
tank crewman fleeing on foot. And I'm
sure if they could see other ones if
there's There he is there. You can see
him running away on foot. Hezbollah's uh
helpfully put a little circle around him
as he
uh tries to find a better position than
the tank that he was in that is burning.
Um so, significant operation there by
Hezbollah. In the next slide, you can
see the burning tank
um that was released by Yedio Ahronot.
Um we know that these tanks burn. We
don't um
We don't see much of it, but um there's
a pretty clear shot from the battle in
Lebanon. And I want to just uh wrap on
um
uh
with Palestine. Um the uh Saraya al-Quds
released a video this week in solidarity
with the axis of resistance. Of course,
this war started in Gaza. Um and the um
Saraya al-Quds saluting the Yemeni
people. Then, here's Islamic Jihad
founder Fathi Shikaki saying Palestine
is the center of uh the struggle today
and will remain so despite um all the
secret and black agreements. He's
speaking about the secret Oslo Accords
that were This is Ayatollah Khamenei.
Um and he's saying the fate of the
region depends on the liberation from
the arrogant American hegemony and the
liberation of Palestine. Um Here you see
you're going to see Yahya Sinwar giving
his uh
uh his famous uh speech uh from the
platform on the anniversary of the Hamas
um
of the founding of Hamas. He says, "We
will not hesitate to make the decision,"
he said. And they certainly did not
hesitate to make that decision. Abdul
Malik al-Houthi from the Yemeni armed
forces, he said, "Our stance continues."
Then there was Ziyad Nakala, who is the
uh general secretary of Islamic Jihad.
Then the missile launches that we saw
this week. And then Hassan Nasrallah is
going to come in here and say the final
result of this battle and the great
divine historic victory that is
Netanyahu uh is that Netanyahu, Gallant,
Ben Gvir, and Smotrich are leading their
entity into an abyss. We see footage
from on the ground in Gaza, some Saraya
operations here, Qassam operation, and
then missile strikes that we've shown
you on this program um as well.
So, um
that's Nasrallah now speaking saying
that uh
that uh the en- the the entity is
leading
into an abyss.
Which is sort of similar to what their
chief of uh staff said when they said
they're about to collapse, but um
Yes, this is definitely the end of
Israeli superiority. The idea that they
could just roll through um the Middle
East and do what they want is being
fiercely uh resisted by the axis of
resistance on all fronts. So, um
it's um something that they always point
out when the battle was in Gaza, the
other uh resistance factions saluted
them. We see the prisoner exchange and
handover here. Um
and the uh
Yemeni fighters here at the end, I think
um
they're trained hundreds of thousands of
them
to
to fight this battle. Um the Yemeni
armed forces are significantly larger,
and here they are
uh walking on al-Aqsa. So, uh solidarity
video
um from Saraya al-Quds to the resistance
axis. And here we have the PFLP Abu Ali
Mustafa Brigades commenting on the new
Israeli execution law. This poster that
was put out yesterday says, "We are
stronger than death and higher than the
gallows." As the fist breaks the gallows
uh smashing the gallows. Um
And Abu Obaida also spoke this week. He
said, "Blessed are the hands of the
heroes of the Islamic resistance in
Lebanon, which are inflicting heavy
losses on the Zionist enemy. The latest
during a qualitative operation
yesterday, we call on Hezbollah to
intensify their efforts to capture
soldiers in order to liberate
Palestinian and Arab prisoners from the
depths of the occupations prisons,
especially after the approval of the law
to execute prisoners.
We urge the heroes of Hezbollah to
complete the mission." is what Abu
Obaida said. So, that is the resistance
report for day 909
of Israel's genocide in Gaza and day 34
of the Irani of the US-Israeli war
against Iran.